Welcome to this edition of the Yahowah vlog.
We're obviously in our ocean studio in the
U.S.
Virgin Islands overlooking the Caribbean
Sea.
We're going to recommence in this episode
in probably the most important prophecy
ever issued.
And that is when Yashayah Isaiah decided
that he was inspired anyway to speak of
a child who was born and a son
who was given.
It is, of course, Yashayah, Isaiah nine.
And the prophecy is stolen by Christians
to give credence to their wannabe God.
Unfortunately for them,
there's only one name that is mentioned in
this prophecy.
And of course,
it isn't Jesus because Jesus's name isn't
mentioned in any prophecy.
It is Dowd's
And what I had done in a previous
program was to turn to this prophecy after
having previously extolled the virtues of
the Son of God and Messiah as presented
by his father, Yahowah,
in the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
Well,
Yashayah Isaiah is perhaps the greatest of
the prophets in terms of the breadth and
landscape of my Wookie.
I don't know if you got to see
him,
but he decided he didn't want to be
on the chair anymore.
But in terms of the breadth of prophecy
that he reveals,
there is no question that the Eighty-Ninth
Psalm, or Mizmowr in the Hebrew term,
is the greatest ever written.
The songwriter, the lyricist, was Yahowah.
which makes it extraordinary in and of
itself.
It was revealed by Yahowah in year three
thousand Yah,
at exactly the halfway point between our
release from the garden and our return to
it.
You see, in nine sixty eight BCE,
as the cornerstone was being laid for the
house of Yahowah's name on the Temple Mount
in Jerusalem, this Psalm was written.
literally as the cornerstone of the
covenant family.
It was three thousand years exactly to the
time that Adam and Chawah had been escorted
out of the garden and for reasons that
almost no one,
maybe no one at all prior to our
analysis ever understood as to what caused
the fall of man.
And it would be three thousand years
before we're allowed back into the garden
and our return to the garden won't do
anyone any good until that question is
answered and people come to know for the
very first time precisely what went wrong
in the garden.
Because as I introduce this prophecy to
you,
I want to remind you that it was
God who caused the fall of man.
You can't blame it on Chawah,
who most people want to call Eve.
Chawah means she speaks her mind.
You see,
at the time that God announced the fall
of man, Chawah hadn't even been conceived.
So you can't blame her.
And it's God who determined that there was
no point in going on with the experiment.
of a man with a Neshamah,
which is a conscience,
which is the only thing that really
differentiated Adam from all of the other
homo sapiens living outside of the garden.
Adam received a Neshamah, a conscience,
the ability to reason,
to deduce between right and wrong,
to exercise good judgment.
And the experiment in the secure and
protective enclosure of Eden,
just did not go well.
Yahowah had said that he wanted Adam to
be observant, and he was not.
He wanted Adam to engage and make a
contribution, and he did not.
And for God to have any interest in
Adam,
he was going to have to be able
to trust him.
Because God's intent wasn't to keep Adam
inside of the garden.
God's intent was to release Adam from the
garden, and indeed from this planet,
so that together they could explore the
universe that Yahowah had conceived.
And to do that...
enormous trust has to be earned because
the universe out there, it's highly toxic.
There are really dangerous things afoot.
And as we are
enabled and dimensions other than the
three that we are familiar with there are
so many more choices and things that we
can do that would cause considerable harm
for example we will be released in time
and going back in time can be very
harmful so god needs to have someone that
he knows if they stumble and fall will
get back up someone who if they make
a mistake will learn from it and move
on
You see,
God was never looking for perfection.
As a matter of fact,
when he gave the instructions to Adam
about the fact he could eat from any
tree in the garden and that there was
one tree,
it was the tree of the knowledge of
good and evil,
that if he ate from that,
then it would score his demise.
He wrote it in the imperfect.
For those that don't know the Hebrew
grammar or conjugations,
the imperfect means if you make a habit
of eating from it.
See,
one mistake wasn't going to get Adam in
any trouble at all.
It was the ongoing proclivity to do
exactly the opposite of what God had asked
that proved that Adam couldn't be trusted.
So with these things known,
it was Yahowah who foreclosed on that
experience and the protective enclosure of
Eden,
knowing that in a coddled environment,
there was no chance for Adam to grow.
He wasn't going to be exposed to
challenging circumstances,
opportunities to overcome.
This isn't going to be the case,
couldn't have been the case in a
protective environment where God needs us
to show that we can fall and get
back up.
So this means that God's intent,
six thousand years later,
is to allow us at least a selected
few back into the garden.
That is what God is offering.
That is where we are headed.
This will occur on Taruwah,
the twenty third and twenty fourth of
September, twenty thirty three,
which is year six thousand.
Yeah,
it's going to be the greatest spectacle in
the history of mankind.
I call it the greatest show on Earth.
So many things are going to happen that
day,
including the total obliteration of all
things and all people who are religious,
political, militant, conspiratorial,
anti-Semitic.
They will all.
be incinerated along with all of their
apparati and shrines and buildings and
mechanisms all gone.
And once that's all gone,
the earth is going to be transformed back
into the conditions enjoyed during Eden.
So this is what God has in store
for us and a select few are going
to be allowed back in.
And once they're back in,
they're going to have a thousand years to
learn, to grow.
to engage,
to make their share of mistakes,
but to learn from them,
to stumble and fall,
but get back up and go again.
It'd be a marvelous opportunity.
And to demonstrate that it was possible,
that indeed someone could live up to the
standard that God was setting.
Again,
that standard absolutely and unequivocally
was not perfection.
That would be boring.
If God had someone that was perfect,
it would be a mini me.
Well, what's the purpose?
Wouldn't it be interesting at all?
God was looking for someone who would make
mistakes, but would learn from them,
would err from time to time, but grow,
would stumble and fall and get back up.
And so long as an individual was willing
to be highly observant,
paying attention to everything that was
around them,
particularly the testimony of God,
but really to God's creation because He
wants to take us on a grand exploration
of the universe.
We know that there's at least two trillion
galaxies.
I'll bet there's in the range of six
trillion galaxies.
And they average well over a hundred
billion stars apiece.
And most of them have planets and moons
and all sorts of magical things to
explore.
God wants to take us on a journey
of discovery.
To do that, again,
he has to be able to trust us,
and he wants to take observant individuals
who will enjoy the experience.
Dowd was that man.
That is why this prophecy is about him.
Now, before we go into Isaiah nine,
I want to remind listeners of what God
said about Dowd in the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr, because Dowd is the antidote.
He is the proof.
that we can measure up.
And God said of Dowd,
he is my son, I'm his father.
So if you're looking for the son of
God, his name is Dowd.
If that name is unfamiliar to your ears,
it happens to be known as David today,
even though there's no V in the Hebrew
of Revelation.
And it's written,
which is pronounced Dowd.
It's based on the Hebrew word beloved.
He said that to Dowd,
no one else is his son and that
he is his father.
He said that Dowd is his anointed and
that he himself anointed him.
That means there cannot be a Christ.
It's Dowd who is the anointed Messiah,
according to God.
He said of Dowd that he is my
chosen one.
So when Christians say that Jesus is the
chosen one, they're just lying.
Yahowah said it's Dowd who is his chosen
one.
Yahowah said that Dowd is the one through
whom he chose to work.
His associate, his co-worker.
So when God chose to do the most
important fulfillments of the Towrah,
he did them with Dowd.
Not with anybody else.
With Dowd.
God said that Dowd is the Zarowa,
which means he's the sacrificial lamb.
Therefore,
he is the one who fulfilled Pesach,
Passover.
God said of Dowd that he is not
only the exemplar of the covenant,
and the covenant is all there is to
our lives.
We're either part of the covenant or we
are not.
And if we are not,
then there is no hope.
There's no life after this one.
There's no access to God.
You cannot be part of his family without
being part of the covenant.
And God says that Dowd is the exemplar
of the covenant.
But he went one step further and said
that the benefits of the covenant were
achieved through Dowd.
And that means that Dowd is the one
who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in thirty three CE,
year four thousand.
Yeah, because it's Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
that provide all five benefits of the
covenant, eternal life,
the removal of our guilt,
our adoption into God's covenant family,
our enrichment, and our empowerment.
Yahowah said of Dowd something that is most
extraordinary.
He not only said that Dowd is returning
with him, and then when Dowd returns,
his position of honor,
will be as brilliant as the sun.
This means that his throne,
which is the mercy seat of the Ark
of the Covenant, will be that brilliant.
But he said time will be measured for
Dowd as it is in heaven,
where time simply exists.
And even beyond this,
with Christians claiming that their man
was a God, Yahowah, who is God,
said that Dowd is Elyown,
The only man who is Elyown.
El, of course,
is the Hebrew word for God.
Own means all things pertaining to in
Hebrew.
The Yod in the middle of the two
means it's either possessive as in my,
or more likely in this case, the Yod,
which is an arm reaching down,
a forearm reaching out, and an open hand.
It's the first letter of Yahowah's name.
That
He is the hand and the influence of
all things pertaining to God.
Elyown.
It's typically rendered Almighty God.
And that's Dowd.
It says explicitly that Dowd is Elyown.
The closest equivalent we'll ever know to
Almighty God.
He is the hand and influence of God.
And Dowd is returning.
He's the one returning with Yahowah on Yom
Kippur,
the day of reconciliations in twenty
thirty three.
That's October second sundown,
six twenty two p.m.
On this October second.
So this is an extraordinary set of
declarations.
God went so far as to say,
if everything that I am saying about Dowd,
this is God speaking.
doesn't materialize exactly as I have
promised,
then you can call me a liar or
said another way.
If you claim anything I have said about
Dowd, that he is the Messiah,
that he is the son of God,
that he is the very presence and influence
of God, that he is the chosen one,
that he is the exemplar of the covenant,
he is the one who enabled the benefits
of the covenant,
he is the sacrificial lamb of Passover.
That if all of those things,
if you take any one of them and
you apply them to anyone else,
like in Jesus or Bar Kokhba,
you're calling God a liar.
The very essence of Christianity and of
Judaism is to call God a liar.
So with all of that, no.
Realization that Down is God's gift to us.
he is the son of god that he
is god in our presence that he is
returning as king of everywhere and of all
time that he indeed is the messiah i
now want to present an accurate rendering
of isaiah nine six and seven for your
edification it reads for indeed
A child is born.
An infant who grows up to become a
man is brought forth.
And he is born,
he's conceived and brought into view
through a woman impregnated by a father of
the child at a moment in time before
us.
A son,
a masculine offspring of the mother and
father was provided as a gift and was
placed concerning us
The opportunity to learn what can be known
about how to engage and endure in addition
to the responsibility and authority to
lead was and always will be on his
shoulder and predicated on the eagerness
in which he pursued his calling early in
life.
His name
his reputation and his renown has been
read and recited as a counselor providing
valuable advice,
who is astoundingly brilliant and
amazingly insightful.
He is a Gibowr,
a valiant and heroic individual,
with a prominent military and political
standing in this community,
the most capable, competent,
and courageous of men, of God.
He is an eternal witness providing
restoring testimony on behalf of the
Father,
the leader who conveys the authorized
position on reconciliation and
restoration.
leading to salvation, Shalowm,
tremendously increasing the capacity to
learn about and to respond to the means
to engage and to endure,
to be liberated and to be empowered.
As a result of this approach,
reconciliation and restoration,
complete satisfaction and total
contentment
will be without end upon the throne and
the seat of honor of Dowd,
as well as upon his kingdom,
through his considered advice and his
counsel,
so as to be prepared and established by
it
and to be restored and sustained by it
with the means to exercise good judgment
and to justly resolve disputes by being
right from then to now and forevermore.
The deep devotion and passion of Yahowah
of the vast array of spiritual implements
has consistently engaged to make this
happen.
Yashayah, Isaiah, line six and nine seven.
This obliterates Christianity.
Here in the prophets that Christians
relish more than any other,
Right in the prophecy that they claim as
their own, God obliterated Christianity.
It's Dowd, not Jesus.
And it's Yahowah, not Jesus.
He is all things.
He is God's gift to us.
His very son, the returning king.
Yashayah, which means Yahowah saves,
and the Mizmowr,
particularly those written by Dowd,
are hand in glove.
They are most useful when brought together
as I have here.
And so it is from that perspective that
the Song of the Son,
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
elucidates Isaiah's most acclaimed
prophecy regarding the Son of God.
Let me share the eighty ninth with you.
The poem of insights to contemplate and to
comprehend by being circumspect.
By the productive and established,
profuse and enduring beloved native born
strong arm who is cherished.
That's how the Mizmowr began.
It now ends with these words.
My upright one, my Adony,
you remember and you have chosen to
mention that you are mindful of the
contemptible and condescending taunts and
the dishonorable and deplorable decrees
which are determined by
All of the many nations and preponderance
of the people.
Against you.
And against those who work with you.
Which I have now brought to bear.
And my best judgment.
Ms.
Moore, eighty nine fifty.
And that is because.
Those in open opposition to you.
Are insulting.
With their words.
bewildering derision and improperly
discerned contempt,
so as to discredit in a highly abusive
manner the very footsteps,
the unwavering and reliable movements of
the Mashyach, your Messiah, your anointed.
Eighty-nine fifty-one.
Blessed by having knelt down in love to
lift up is Yahowah forevermore.
This is trustworthy.
It's verifiable and reliable.
There's more lyrics to sing.
Psalm eighty-nine fifty-two.
As a result of Yahowah's declaration there
is one Mashyach and Ben-El
Son of God.
And he is Dowd, the beloved.
He is Yahowah's Basar,
according to this Mizmowr, his chosen one.
God's Ebed, co-worker.
He is an Ad Olam,
an eternal and restoring witness.
And our Melek, king.
This Mashal, articulate leader,
is the ultimate Gibowr.
because he is God's most competent and
courageous man, our Yashayah Savior,
our Ra'ah Shepherd,
and the Zarowa sacrificial lamb.
Many would lead God's people astray,
but one would save them.
Many have been wrong, but one was right.
Our questions
Should you have had any about the identity
of the Son of God, the Messiah,
the returning King, our Savior,
the Chosen One, the very Passover Lamb,
Almighty God in our presence?
Well, they have all been answered.
But one remains for you.
What are you going to do about it?
But now you yourselves have refused to
accept,
creating a foul stench by snubbing that
which you have rejected,
by diminishing the merit of,
even spurning over time by repudiating the
essence of,
improperly and on your own initiative,
meddling presumptively,
passing over your Mashyach,
was you have repudiated and renounced the
covenant the breath with your co-worker
you have dishonored and defiled his
dedication and devotion to the earth
You have broken down and destroyed his
entire sheepfold and all of its enclosure.
You have caused the undoing,
the degradation and destruction of his
fortifications.
All who pass this way continue to plunder
him.
He has become scorned and abusively
ridiculed,
defiled and unbraided by those who claim
some affinity with him.
You have lifted up an exalted,
even helped justify the upper hand of his
foes and his adversaries,
especially those who try to constrain and
limit him.
You have caused all of those who
demonstrate animosity and rancor towards
him to be delighted.
What's worse,
and adding to the resentment,
you are turned around again.
having assaulted, besieged, and bound up,
then constrained the rocky crag of his
battle for Choreb,
such that you do not stand with him
or support him in this conflict over what
is yeasted bread.
Few have truncated causing a sensation for
all of the work as if a Shabbat
was do-nothing day,
thereby removing and taking away from his
purifying brilliance the means to restore,
along with his glorious status.
You see,
Dowd fulfilled Matsah on the Shabbat in
thirty-three CE.
God does all of his best work on
the Shabbat.
It is the day that God celebrates the
relationship.
And today,
if you look up Passover and the Jewish
celebration of Passover,
the first thing you're going to see is
that Jews have turned Passover into a
seven-day celebration.
They no longer even recognize the intent
or purpose of Matsah.
They don't celebrate Matsah.
They don't acknowledge that Passover is
the first day of Matsah and that it's
Matsah that's the seven-day celebration.
And this is because it's on Matsah that
souls are purified,
that God removes the corruption of
religious and political rebellion.
that it's Dowd who carries these things
into She'owl
This is what he did on the Shabbat
of Matsah, two thousand years ago,
rendering us not guilty so that we could
capitalize on firstborn children and join
the bakowr,
the firstborn son of God in the covenant
family.
So this is the means to purify,
to restore.
along with his glorious status and his
position of honor, dignity,
brilliant adornment,
powerful presence and throne.
You humans, particularly even Jews,
you've hurled it to the ground.
You've cut short so as to deprive yourself
of that which is required to reap the
benefits of the harvest.
particularly during this time when his
robust presence was concealed and
vigorously obscured as a young man in the
past and now affecting the future.
You have covered over him,
veiling him shamefully by diminishing his
status and in a dismissive and
dishonorable fashion.
Take a moment and consider the
implications.
We're at eighty nine forty five.
What God is pointing out should be obvious
that with Dowd being the son of God,
with Dowd being the Messiah,
with him being the returning king,
with him serving as our savior,
with Dowd literally as the very presence
of all things pertaining to the influence
of almighty God.
There isn't anybody apart from those who
have listened to my presentation of him
and read the books I have written
regarding him.
who appreciate Dowd for who he is,
who recognize Dowd for what Yahowah said
about him.
And the most popular religion in the
history of humanity robs Dowd of all of
these accolades and achievements and gives
them to a mythical misnomer,
to a person who never lived,
literally robbing God's son of his
dignity.
That is what God is complaining about
here.
And it was only possible...
because rabbis trained Sha'uwl,
the man who wrote the first fourteen books
of the Christian New Testament,
the very man who invented the myth of
Jesus.
And when he wrote those letters and
perpetrated this lie,
rather than simply going to the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr and say,
your guy doesn't measure up to any of
this,
everything you're claiming for your Jesus
was actually achieved
By Dowd,
he is all things you are claiming of
your mythical misnomer.
Stop it.
That's stupid.
Christianity would never have existed had
they done that.
And that means there would have been no
Holocaust.
Take a moment and consider the
implications.
Yeah,
there have been no Diaspora because the
Diaspora was caused by Rabbi Akiba trying
to
thwart the growing popularity of Paul's
lie with the false messiah of his own,
Bar Kokhba, from whom you get your star,
Israel.
And that is what brought the wrath of
Hadrian,
the renaming of the land and the diaspora.
It's all the fault of the rabbis.
So God asks, for how long, Yahowah?
Will you remain hidden,
concealed and virtually unknown,
a secret to many?
Before I started writing these books
entitled Yada Yahowah, to know Yahowah,
he was not known even to his people.
Your righteous indignation and overt
displeasure and furious antagonism is
kindled and it burns eminently and
prominently for an enduring period like a
fire.
Your will is to recall this information
and these events to me and through me,
asserting these truths,
to ask about the duration of life in
this world and the temporary nature of
things by contrast to eternity,
especially to explain how time flows
differently relative to the observer,
to appreciate how long these things will
continue to transpire
in this world at the present pace?
Was it for nothing but for just resulting
religious vanity that you created each of
the sons of Adam and humankind?
What man of great strength and character,
empowered to prevail as the most capable
and courageous of men,
lives
and will not witness death as a result
of the plague.
His soul saved from the hand and influence
of Sha'uwl.
Pause now and consider what this implies.
Yes,
it was Sha'uwl who chose the name Paul.
that buried Dowd,
said he was dead and buried.
He said all of those things so that
he could steal all of the attributes,
all of the accolades,
everything that Yahowah had said about him.
You see,
there's a thousand prophecies of Dowd and
not one for Jesus.
So to make Jesus seem real,
Paul had to steal every prophecy
pertaining to Dowd.
And he did so by claiming that Dowd
was dead and buried.
God's saying, no.
That is not true.
Dowd is God's beloved son.
If Dowd isn't alive, there is no God.
If Dowd isn't all that God says of
him, then God cannot be trusted.
If Dowd didn't achieve what God claims he
did,
then there is no salvation for anyone.
If Dowd is not in heaven,
then the place is empty.
Pause now and consider what this implies.
Where is your unwavering love and enduring
favoritism,
which was expressed first and foremost as
the initial priority from the beginning,
which you promised to... Dowd
In harmony with your steadfast commitment
to being trustworthy and reliable,
my upright one.
Yes,
you remember and have chosen to mention
that you are mindful of the contemptible
and condescending taunts and the
dishonorable and deplorable decrees which
were determined by all of the many nations
and the preponderance of people against
those who work with you,
which I have brought to bear in my
best judgment.
This is because those in open opposition
to you, Yahowah,
are insulting with their bewildering
derision and improperly discerned contempt
so as to discredit in an abusive manner
the footsteps of ha Mashyach
your Messiah."
Your Messiah is Dowd.
God's Messiah is Dowd,
the one that the religious hold in
contempt so they can steal everything that
pertains to him and give it to myths.
Bless by having knelt down in love to
lift up Izawa forevermore.
This is trustworthy, verifiable,
and reliable, established, correct,
and acceptable.
Well,
we have completed our reading of Dowd's
song,
but we have so much more to share
to appreciate all of its implications.
It's hard to even know
how to properly convey how eminently
important Dowd is to us i've shared so
many times that Dowd is indeed not only
the messiah not only the son of god
not only the chosen one our shepherd the
one through whom Yahowah worked to achieve
his goals
the very essence of God in our presence,
Elyown,
the one whose throne will be as brilliant
as the sun.
That Dowd, beyond all of that,
is the central character in God's story.
He is the exemplar of the covenant.
He is proof that we humans can demonstrate
that God can trust us.
I've just had the great pleasure
of translating Yahowah's, well, the mashal,
the word picture,
that was the final vision that Yahowah
inspired through his beloved son, Dowd.
And it is the ultimate test because Dowd
wasn't perfect.
That's what made him wonderful.
That's what made him interesting.
And it was the greatest mistake that Dowd
ever made when he saw in a very
seductive way his most important general's
wife.
Her name was Bathsheba.
And Dowd didn't just admire her.
He coveted her.
And it was Dowd at that moment who
sent his general off to fight a battle
in anticipation that he would be killed,
knowing that if he died,
he could claim Bathsheba as his own.
God had no issue with Bathsheba being the
eighth wife or of Dowd having ten
concubines.
God's not into monogamy in that regard.
And yet Yahowah said, what you did there,
my son, was egregious.
And it's so bad that you and I
are going to have our first ever timeout.
I'm going to back away for a while.
I'm going to let you think this one
through.
It was a tremendous mistake.
And like all mistakes,
you need to demonstrate to me that you
can overcome it.
That you can learn from it.
And that put in a similar situation,
you'll act differently next time.
And so it was pointed out to me
that there was something really
extraordinary in the thirty-first,
which is the final Mashal word picture.
And indeed there is.
It is the final test of Dowd,
determining that he had learned the most
important lesson of his life.
You see, Dowd was shown the beauty
of another woman.
And she of a man that would be
and now is even more important to him
than his general.
And he was given the opportunity to
respond differently this time.
And so the Thirty-First Mashal word
picture is just that.
of Dowd perceiving my wife,
and of him choosing not just to admire
her, but to respect her, to praise her,
and not covet her,
and to recognize that she was not his
to take, but for the world to enjoy.
someone extraordinarily important to all
of us and to me and therefore to
him.
And it is the most extraordinary word
picture ever written.
I hope over the maybe a week from
now to share it with you.
I have just completed my translation of it
just moments ago,
literally
before we sat down to bring you this
program.
But it is the ultimate,
ultimate just moment of brilliance in our
King's life.
His greatest mistake, and yet he learned.
He had fallen, but now he was standing.
He got it right.
It was his ultimate test.
And he responded like a champ.
And so I wanted to share that with
you because it's a tender moment and we
will go over all of it.
I'd like to have the opportunity to
do as i am accustomed which is to
share my insights my conclusions about
each statement to help you understand the
innuendo uh in the text uh to affirm
why he made the comments that he did
because i have knowledge not only the
hebrew text and of my dear friend and
beloved king dote and
I know how Yahowah perceives things,
but also I know my wife better than
anyone.
And it is extraordinarily precise
regarding her.
And you're going to find out that it
does something that I could not have
imagined.
There's two titles that I would have
thought were
nothing but the adversary coveting what
belonged to god but tarnishing it to the
point where god would no longer use them
that isn't the case and we will speak
of them as well because i think the
realization of what god is reestablishing
through his beloved son uh properly
presents the perspective that our Father
wants us to perceive life,
perceive our return to the garden,
have an appreciation for the covenant
family and of those who are contributing
to it.
And I think in particular, with Dode saw,
is one of the very first Yahuwd
to capitalize on the knowledge of Yahowah's
name,
to capitalize on the devotion of Dowd,
and of Dowd's fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym, becoming our Savior,
the greatest discovery in human history.
And her dedication to sharing that with
fellow Yahuwdym, because my wife is Yahuwd,
means beloved of Yahowah.
It happens to be a compound of Yahowah's
name and Dowd's name, Yahuwd.
No one has been more devoted to that
cause of restoring Yahowah's relationship
and Dowd's position of honor and esteem
with Israelites than my beloved Leah.
And for that, the final word picture
was written about her and written about
her by our beloved King.
So we have much to discuss.
We have completed this chapter on the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr and had the great
crescendo of comparing it to Yashayah
Isaiah nine, six,
but there is still so much to learn.
We are just now completing our review of
Volume One of Coming Home.
And there are currently three volumes,
and I'm almost completed now the fourth
volume of Coming Home.
So there will soon be four.
And so there is so much more to
learn about the man who is truly the
Son of God,
the man who Yahowah anointed as his
Messiah, our Messiah,
The man who is the chosen one.
And who is Elyown.
The very influence of all things
pertaining to God.
And our presence.
I am Yada.
And I thank you for listening to this
episode of the Yahowah Blog.
Good day.